2022-11 CWG Motion 3 (#5987)
cplusplus/draft: source/basic.tex

Expressions appearing in the \grammarterm{compound-statement} of a \grammarterm{lambda-expression}
are not subexpressions of the \grammarterm{lambda-expression}.
\end{note}
% FIXME: We never define "potentially-evaluated expression".
The \defnadjx{potentially-evaluated}{subexpressions}{subexpression} of
an expression, conversion, or \grammarterm{initializer} $E$ are
\begin{itemize}
\item
the constituent expressions of $E$ and
\item
the subexpressions thereof that

> are not subexpressions of a nested unevaluated operand\iref{expr.context}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not subexpressions of a nested unevaluated operand\iref{term.unevaluated.operand}.
```

Expressions appearing in the \grammarterm{compound-statement} of a \grammarterm{lambda-expression}
are not subexpressions of the \grammarterm{lambda-expression}.
\end{note}

> % FIXME: We never define "potentially-evaluated expression".

Reviewer 2: @jensmaurer Does this make you concerned?

Reviewer 3: basic.def.odr p3 defines it: "An expression or conversion is _potentially evaluated_ unless it is ..."

Seems pretty obvious English to go from "an expression is potentially evaluated" to "potentially-evaluated expression". The FIXME should be removed.

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, thanks!
